TELCODOCS-1067: Create KMMO doc: Firmware support (#58256)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-firmware-support.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="kmm-firmware-support_{context}"]
= KMM firmware support

> Kernel modules sometimes need to load firmware files from the filesystem. KMM supports copying firmware files from the

Reviewer: Per [IBM Word Usage](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#f) for file system:

> Write as shown: two words

```suggestion
Kernel modules sometimes need to load firmware files from the file system. KMM supports copying firmware files from the
```

Author: changed.

> [Module Loader image] to the node's filesystem.

Author: Thanks for catching that - sort of a note to myself. It should be "ModuleLoader image". No backtics needed. I changed it.

> The contents of `.spec.moduleLoader.container.modprobe.firmwarePath` are copied into `/var/lib/firmware` on the node before `modprobe` is called to insert the kernel module.

Author: `modprobe` is a command used in the Linux kernel.

> All files and empty directories are removed from that location before `modprobe -r` is called to unload the kernel module, when the pod is terminated.

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion with the `modprobe -r` part

Reviewer: Based on @kelbrown20 's comment and your reply [here](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/58256#discussion_r1163266681), should the `modprobe` instance be then written as show?

> ... before running the `modprobe` command to insert the kernel module."
> ... before running the `modprobe -r` command to unload the kernel module, when the pod is terminated.
